# Snippey App Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

Sven Hennessen built the Snippey app as a Commercial app. This app is provided by and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of (personal) information if anyone decided to use Snippey.

If you choose to use my app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

The app does not collect any personal information. Hence none of your personal information can or will be shared with a third party entity.

The app does not use any third party services.

### Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use Snippey, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

### Links Third-Party Web Sites

This app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Children’s Privacy

The app does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me via [email](mailto://sventropy+snippeyprivacy@mailbox.org).

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/). Manual adaptions done.
